private a
space ventures are absolutely
essential
for us to be successful with
exploration we you know we we
took a gamble
we said we believe in the
president said we believe that
we should allow nasa to free
itself
love requirements to get things
people and things to low Earth
orbit
soul find a way to make it
happen they said that
back in 2004 with the Columbia
Accident Investigation Board in
in arse the National Research
Council and many studies
stood behind that is a course
masochism a research agency
that we'd all like to see on the
frontier exact and hauling cargo
back and forth is not on the non
nobody's right here
and if that's a routine thing
you give it to industry that
does routine best and they're
doing incredibly well with cargo
right now we have to partners
Orbital Sciences &
and SpaceX have been carrying
cargo back and forth to the
International Space Station for
two years
it's not that nasa has never
partnered with industry before
we always always had
your and I'm from New York and
on Long Island Grohmann it is
still a point of pride
you walk the streets on a
rampage and
they will the old-timers will
speak with pride and will sit up
straight
when they remembered the the
designing and building the lunar
excursion module
the reason I tell our employees
and in our family the nasa
family which to me includes the
contractors
there anytime anybody ask them
what they do they should stick
to
chests out proudly and say I
work you know for all with nasa
I work with space program
because we have always had this
on breakable partnership with
american industry
but is a difference graph we've
done this time
we are not controlling we are
nice but if rolling
that's that we are not operating
so the the ownership
the the operation everything
right up until they get to the
International Space Station when
they get the box
then it's man and and we will
take over
and
maneuver it into the box let it
doc but that's going to be the
mode of transportation
love US and partner astronauts
to the International Space
Station because a nation like
the United
new business model it's a brand
new business in its in in cargo
we have seen it work
you know we'd I am you always
hear me say this:
the the proof is in the pudding
we have to demonstrate
that the model will work for
commercial crew we're confident
we'll
and provided congress continues
to support the program the way
that they did in the 2015 budget
and
if they support what the
president's foreign 2016 budget
2017 Americans can be sticking
your chest that's a
that's my spacecraft that
they're not it's not a Russian
when it's Matt